## TeamCode Module

A folder to be filled with google teachable machine data files

Copy the files generated by the Teachable Machine into your assets folder. Each model is represented by 2 files: *.tflite file with the model *.txt file with labels. It does not matter what you call them since you will be referencing the files by name in your code.

For an example of how to consume the detection, take a look at MHSRoboticEagles's TeamCode/skills/GenericDetector class. It is a wrapper of the tflite engine that we have in tfrec folder. This class is specific to the last season. Note that it is a runnable, to run on a separate thread. This is where we reference the file names of our model. Make sure to change them based on your model file names. You can use MHSRoboticEagles's TeamCode/OpMOdes/GenericRecognitionTest as an example opmode that consumes the GenericDetector. Both of these generic classes are meant to be a starting point from which you can build up the recognition logic for your specific needs.

Note that the detector is initialized in the “init” phase of the Op mode. It usually takes 3-5 seconds for the tflite engine to “warm up”. The idea is that by the time you press Start, the detection results are available.

## References
1) https://github.com/MHSRoboticEagles/FtcRobotController/tree/master/TeamCode
2) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeMWWvteF2U

## IMPORTANT NOTE
This custom opmode is directly imported from the MHSRoboticEagles directory. In other words, there could be compatibility issues.
MHSEagles uses the android mobile phone as controller to their robot. I am not sure if our Hub also run android the same way, thus we need to test the library out first.
However, as we all know, before we work on the fancy stuffs like Image Recognition, lets make the drivetain and pickup functions work first.
